 
Placido-Shop - www.placido-shop.com

- E-commerce software

What is Placido-Shop ?

Placido-Shop is an online sale program designed to be fast and efficient.

Navigating through the tabs of your online store and the checkout step are fast and smooth.

It was created to provide an unparalleled online sales experience.

Placido-Shop allows your customers to buy quickly, without spending time filling out complex forms,

it allows to buy a product in two clicks, without stress and simply.

This program is easy to install and use, it allows you to deploy an online sales solution quickly.

Particular attention has been paid to the security of the application throughout its development

Placido-Shop is a basic online sales program, it can be used as is but you can simply modify it to match your brand image or your technical needs.

Placido-Shop is an Open-Source online sale software under license GNU AGPL (see: /LICENSE.txt).

Placido-Shop has some pretty cool features.

Get more informations from the Placido-Shop website.

Installation guide, documentation, see : How to install Placido-Shop.

Requirements :

PHP >= 7.5 (tested on PHP 8.1)
MySQL database
Outgoing SMTP server settings of an email client
One image for your logo and one image for your social networks tallest than 512px

Optional but recommended :

A Stripe account for test and perceive bank card payments.
A token from IPinfo.io they offer a free plan for less than 50k requests per month.

Disclaimer :

This software is provided as is without any warranty.

You can copy, modify and resell it provided you make the modified code public and accessible to everyone under the same conditions.

Data and power consumption :

The program has been designed to reduce its energy consumption as much as possible and minimizing the data transferred, as much as possible but this has been the main frame of the application code.

Contribution :

You can contribute to the development, everyone is welcome !

Governance :

You can participate in the governance of the application by direct democracy using

the free online application of VoteMobile -> Group: "Placido-Shop"

Placido-Shop is lovingly developed by Raphaël Castello @Raf-sns

In order to support our work, you have the possibility of becoming official sponsor of Placido-Shop.
